So let's work on the shopping list edit component. In its template,
I want to add a Bootstrap row and in there, I want to have a column spanning the full width, like that
and in there, I'll add a form element. Now important, remove the action because we're not going to send a
request to the server
once this is submitted but we will have a look at submitting forms later in this course, we have a whole
section about that
and that is when we will fill this form with more life.
For now in this form, I want to have a row and this should now maybe have a width of only five
on small devices, on very small devices it should span the full width which is why I'm using the sm
class here and it should also have the form-group Bootstrap class attached to it,
this div and in here, I'll have a label for the name of my items, so I'll say name here as a text and I'll
add an input of type text, that's correct with ID name so that this label refers to it
and then here, this should receive class form-control to make it look nice in Bootstrap's world. Next to
it and that is why I chose to not give this column the full width,
I want to have another div with let's say 2 because it's going to be a very small input,
then also the form-group class here and in there, another label for the amount, so let's say
amount here and then an input of type text here or maybe even of type number to be honest which gets
the ID, amount and then a class form-control.
So that's give us the inputs the user will later use to add new ingredients, below my inputs here, I'll
add another row which will now span the full width and here I want to have a couple of buttons which allow
me to manage this item creation or editing process.
The first button I'll add here with the style of btn btn-success to make it look green in Bootstrap's
world will be of type submit because this button should actually submit the form later
and I will say add there because it allows us to add a new item. The second button will be of type btn
because it should not submit the form,
this button should simply delete the selected ingredient because later we will be able to click
an ingredient and it will then be loaded into the input fields up here
and if we click delete, well it simply will be removed,
so delete item or just delete maybe and then a last one which allows us to clear the form.
If we loaded the item we wanted to edit and then decided to not do that,
I want to have a button which allows me to clear the form,
so here I will maybe make this blue with button primary.
If we save this, this is actually how I want this form to look.
We have an input field for the amount, for the name and our buttons which later will be filled with some
life so that we can manage this ingredient.